hi I'm Stuart Asher and I don't want
your help to make my movie because ours
is already made it's called stuff it's
about a guy in the girl level one-night
stand in the morning after they get
stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic forced
to get to know each other
awkward and with your help we're gonna
get stuck in theaters oh not an erection
action uh hi I'm Joel David Moore and
I'm Madeleine Zima Joel David Moore
please guy you might know him from bones
Grandma's Boy and a little film called
avatar and Madeleine Zima who plays Holi
you might recognize her as the little
girl from The Nanny who grew up to make
our head spin on Californication
mentally we really are stuck because
we're fighting hard to try to get this
into theaters that's friend that's where
we need you guys thousands of movies are
released each year and 90% of them
you've never heard of the ones you have
are known because of the attention they
gain from playing in movie theatres so
that's our plan we use your donations to
rent the theater so stuck in play across
the country so stuck in build an
audience so stuck and get above all that
noise and allow us to offer stuck on DVD
online and video on demand
we've played festivals all around the
world audiences love stuck and we've won
a ton of awards but we got to get it on
screens
that's right and there's only so much
real estate and movie theater so unless
you're Ben Affleck playing a superhero
in a prequel to a sequel then Hollywood
just won't make the room for you wait
what's wrong with sequels oh nothing is
wrong with avatars equals
if uncle Spielberg would finally admit
to me being his nephew things would be a
lot easier
until then I'm gonna do what it takes
our director Stu has pulled off some
crazy stuff like the time he broke into
the Emmys while making a documentary we
were out here to find a date to take to
Jamaica I'm not working or at the
Sundance Film Festival when he convinced
the manager of the bar to play his short
film while Roger Ebert was standing
there so he'd be forced to watch it
right there
suddenly it's showing this movie in this
voice in my ear said III Bert just turn
around I brought my film to you and to
my amazement it's good still even
started one of the first crowdfunding
website and raised money for his own
film fifty grand has fallen into a guy's
lap who decided to simply ask people
online to help make his dream come true
look at this basically people can go and
help donate any amount of money to help
make my movie happen years before
Kickstarter guys how long have you been
there so I decided to go at it again and
bypass Kickstarter IndieGoGo and all
those other sites that charge seven to
twelve percent fees after all why should
your donations to our cause be diluted I
am so inspired by Stu's passion to get
his movies out there I'm willing to do
whatever it takes to get you to donate
out I'll give you a phone call like in
the 90s on the phone oh that is so fun
and like analog and rotary but you know
what I'm gonna offer I'm gonna one-up
that and I'm gonna give you a Skype
session put the laptop on the bum my bed
and I'll be in like a little nightie
like a little white 90 with a corset and
some just some chest hair you know
hanging out it's gonna be great
I'll see your weird cross-dressing Skype
session and I'll raise you a lunch in
person dressed normally and totally not
on drugs hold on wait lunch I'm in yeah
me too
let's make this a three
you get all your stuff yes we want this
in theatre so badly that I'd be willing
to give you the shirt off of my back
who's in wait what well the truth is all
I've ever wanted to do is get a movie
made until I got a movie made and now
all I want to do is share it with you so
we created buzz and get critics to
review it so that it can reach a wider
audience and and get more movies like
stuck made these guys might even get
nominated for an Oscar Oh settle down
there that's what I got what an optimist
you know Stuart you didn't have to take
your pants off - oh God I thought that
was the thing no no no we were just
gonna
let's just put shirt off your back yeah
it's just got awkward so watch the
trailer and cliffs below to learn more
about stuck and he'll be stuck with you
[Music]
Oh